DOCSP-33663 Generative AI Config File Setting (#569)
mongodb/docs-compass: source/query-with-natural-language/enable-natural-language-querying.txt

- Sign into Atlas. For details on how to get a free Atlas 
  account and deploy a free M0 cluster, see :ref:`atlas-getting-started`.

> - Have Compass version 1.4.0 or later installed. For instructions on 

Reviewer: [suggestion] Active voice + we typically use the substitution for referencing to Compass
```suggestion
- Install |compass-short| version 1.4.0 or later. For instructions on 
```
